README.md, before:

# Agno Chatbot - React Frontend + FastAPI Backend

A full-stack chatbot application using Agno AI with a React frontend and FastAPI backend.

## Project Structure

```
aiboomi_project/
├── backend/
│   └── api.py          # FastAPI backend server
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── App.jsx     # Main React component
│   │   ├── App.css     # Chatbot styles
│   │   ├── main.jsx    # React entry point
│   │   └── index.css   # Global styles
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── package.json
│   └── vite.config.js
├── poc_agno.py         # Original Agno agent script
└── README.md
```

## Prerequisites

1. **Python 3.10+** with `uv` package manager
2. **Node.js 18+** and npm
3. **Docker** (for Qdrant)
4. **OpenAI API Key**

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Start Qdrant (Vector Database)

```bash
docker run -d --name agno-qdrant -p 6333:6333 qdrant/qdrant
```

### 2. Install Backend Dependencies

```bash
uv sync
```
also run uv run playwright install chromium

### 3. Install Frontend Dependencies

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
cd ..
```

### 4. Configure API Key

The OpenAI API key is hardcoded in `backend/api.py`. You can also set it in a `.env` file:

```bash
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key-here" > .env
```

## Running the Application

### Terminal 1: Start Backend Server

```bash
cd backend
uvicorn api:app --reload --port 8000
```

The backend will be available at `http://localhost:8000`

### Terminal 2: Start Frontend

```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

The frontend will be available at `http://localhost:3000`

## API Endpoints

### Health Check
```
GET /health
```

### Chat
```
POST /chat
Body: { "message": "Your question here" }
Response: { "response": "Agent response", "success": true }
```

## Features

- 🤖 **Agno AI Agent** - Powered by OpenAI with knowledge base
- 💬 **Real-time Chat** - Interactive chatbot interface
- 🎨 **Modern UI** - Beautiful gradient design with smooth animations
- 📱 **Responsive** - Works on desktop and mobile
- 🔍 **Knowledge Base** - Answers questions based on crawled website content

## Development

### Backend Development

The backend uses FastAPI with hot-reload enabled. Changes to `backend/api.py` will automatically reload.

### Frontend Development

The frontend uses Vite for fast development. Changes to React components will hot-reload.

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the project root:

```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key-here
```

## Troubleshooting

1. **Qdrant not running**: Make sure Docker is running and Qdrant container is up
   ```bash
   docker ps | grep qdrant
   ```

2. **Backend errors**: Check that all Python dependencies are installed
   ```bash
   uv sync
   ```

3. **Frontend not connecting**: Verify the API URL in `frontend/src/App.jsx` matches your backend port

4. **CORS errors**: Ensure the backend CORS settings include your frontend URL

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Update README with project details and future plans
Expanded project description and added improvements section.

README.md, after:

# Agno Chatbot - React Frontend + FastAPI Backend

A conversational chatbot for your website build in 15 min. The chatbot in the first step takes in the url of your website and scrapes all the website and stores the information of the website as knowledge base. The agent can then be deployed to your websit easily using html iframe. The model can work as a chatbot for your website where users can come and ask questions about your website and get human response like answers. 

# Improvements

- we will add an option to optinally upload documents like pdf's , text or word documents along with the url's so the chatbot can get and keep knowledge about the website not only from url's but also from documents.
- Add the abilty for the chatbot to navigate to a certain place in the website what user actually to go.


A full-stack chatbot application using Agno AI with a React frontend and FastAPI backend.

## Project Structure

```
aiboomi_project/
├── backend/
│   └── api.py          # FastAPI backend server
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── App.jsx     # Main React component
│   │   ├── App.css     # Chatbot styles
│   │   ├── main.jsx    # React entry point
│   │   └── index.css   # Global styles
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── package.json
│   └── vite.config.js
├── poc_agno.py         # Original Agno agent script
└── README.md
```

## Prerequisites

1. **Python 3.10+** with `uv` package manager
2. **Node.js 18+** and npm
3. **Docker** (for Qdrant)
4. **OpenAI API Key**

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Start Qdrant (Vector Database)

```bash
docker run -d --name agno-qdrant -p 6333:6333 qdrant/qdrant
```

### 2. Install Backend Dependencies

```bash
uv sync
```
also run uv run playwright install chromium

### 3. Install Frontend Dependencies

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
cd ..
```

### 4. Configure API Key

The OpenAI API key is hardcoded in `backend/api.py`. You can also set it in a `.env` file:

```bash
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key-here" > .env
```

## Running the Application

### Terminal 1: Start Backend Server

```bash
cd backend
uvicorn api:app --reload --port 8000
```

The backend will be available at `http://localhost:8000`

### Terminal 2: Start Frontend

```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

The frontend will be available at `http://localhost:3000`

## API Endpoints

### Health Check
```
GET /health
```

### Chat
```
POST /chat
Body: { "message": "Your question here" }
Response: { "response": "Agent response", "success": true }
```

## Features

- 🤖 **Agno AI Agent** - Powered by OpenAI with knowledge base
- 💬 **Real-time Chat** - Interactive chatbot interface
- 🎨 **Modern UI** - Beautiful gradient design with smooth animations
- 📱 **Responsive** - Works on desktop and mobile
- 🔍 **Knowledge Base** - Answers questions based on crawled website content

## Development

### Backend Development

The backend uses FastAPI with hot-reload enabled. Changes to `backend/api.py` will automatically reload.

### Frontend Development

The frontend uses Vite for fast development. Changes to React components will hot-reload.

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the project root:

```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key-here
```

## Troubleshooting

1. **Qdrant not running**: Make sure Docker is running and Qdrant container is up
   ```bash
   docker ps | grep qdrant
   ```

2. **Backend errors**: Check that all Python dependencies are installed
   ```bash
   uv sync
   ```

3. **Frontend not connecting**: Verify the API URL in `frontend/src/App.jsx` matches your backend port

4. **CORS errors**: Ensure the backend CORS settings include your frontend URL

## License

MIT
